## Short API application description

---

Application was build using python Flask framework. 
That app is mainly used for maneging Users which could communicate with each other
using a graphic application created especially for this purpose.

---

### How to run the application

#### Window
To run this application on Windows OS go in the console to the main *api_users* application folder is needed.
Then enter in console command
```shell
./run.bat
```
is needed. Application should lunch in a few seconds showing information about URL address on which is reachable.

#### Linux
To run this application on Linux OS go in the console to the main *api_users* application folder is needed.
Then enter in console command
```shell
./run.sh
```
is needed. Application should lunch in a few seconds showing information about URL address on which is reachable.

---

### Available endpoints
| Request methods   |      /api/users      |  /api/users/\<int:user_id\> |
|-------------------|:--------------------:|:---------------------------:|
| GET               | `:white_check_mark:` | `:white_check_mark:`        |
| POTS              | `:white_check_mark:` | `:x:`                       |
| PUT               | `:x:`                | `:white_check_mark:`        |
| DELETE            | `:x:`                | `:white_check_mark:`        |


### Token authentication

Each user wanted to get responses from API server has to generate his own token file. 
It is very easy to do that - just go to **/api/api_users** folder and run below command
```shell
python manage.py generatetoken
```
Information about what user have to do after successful token generation will be displayed in a console. 

### Swagger

After launching of the application and going to an url /api/swagger **swagger UI** is available 
for checking API endpoints and for sending testing requests.

For authentications of the requests using the generated by server fields are needed. However, swagger has 
generated fields displaying when user clicked on green padlock in right top corner of swagger UI.